New convenience cython methods for SpanGroup (#9698)
explosion/spaCy: website/docs/api/spangroup.md

## SpanGroup.\_\_getitem\_\_ {#getitem tag="method"}

> Get a span from the group. Note, that a copy of the span is returned, so if any changes are made to this span, they are not going to be reflected in the corresponsing member of the group. Similarly to `doc.ents`, the group will need to be re-assigned for changes to be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get a span from the group. Note, that a copy of the span is returned, so if any changes are made to this span, they are not going to be reflected in the corresponding member of the group. The group will need to be re-assigned for changes to be applied.
```

> doc.spans["errors"] = [doc[0:1], doc[2:4]]
> span = doc.spans["errors"][1]
> assert span.text == "goi ng"
> span.label_ = 'LABEL'
> assert doc.spans["errors"][1] != 'LABEL' # The span within the group was not updated
> ```

| Name        | Description                           |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------- |
| `i`         | The item index. ~~int~~               |
| **RETURNS** | The span at the given index. ~~Span~~ |

> ## SpanGroup.\_\_setitem\_\_ {#setitem tag="method"}

Reviewer: The new methods could get a `new="3.2.1"` marker for the new methods, and the docs file should be formatted with `prettier` (again, I know you know from previous PRs, but just making sure we don't forget it here).

Author: I added the `new` tag. Still haven't figured out how to make Prettier use spacy's format settings in PyCharm. I followed the plug-in instructions, but no luck - it doesn't respect settings in `.prettierrc` So no prettier for now, sorry. If someone could help with it, would be great.

Reviewer: Oh, that's weird, I run `prettier` from within Pycharm. I don't think I had to edit anything specific in `.prettierrc`. But getting `prettier` to run can sometimes be a bit of a hassle. Let's not worry about it for now. If I can push to your branch directly I can look into it later.

Author: I just noticed that I get an error message in PyCharm's log:
```
7:38 AM	Prettier: please specify Node.js interpreter
Configure Node.js path...
```
That's probably the reason. It does format now, but it re-formats things that I haven't touched, and I can see that the lines are wider than there were originally.

I will have to take a look at some point.

Reviewer: Ah, hm. I do know that there can be incompatibilities between the `node` and `npm` versions. I typically pin them at  `node` v11.15.0 & `npm` 6.14.4. Then in Pycharm you can double check your Node.js interpreter and Package manager, and Prettier package settings.

Reviewer: (but again, if it's too much hassle, we'll do it for you ;-))
